After a crackling and very rich March of valuable releases, April was a month
of transition. The few releases for the major platforms have allowed players to recover,
and focus more on the digital delivery scene, where, in some cases, it really is
Spring has blossomed. Waiting for a May that will hold more than one surprise,
let's see what is the April Game of the Month.
Fire Emblem Awakening is not the best chapter in the historic saga. Because of a narration
not always convincing, too linear and sometimes too stereotyped, but also because of it
of certain problems in the management of the interface and the inventory. Even net of these
imperfections, the tactical and strategic substrate of this new chapter is of absolute importance,
thanks to new introductions that focus the player's attention on positioning
troops and a more pleasant level-up system. Awakening therefore remains a very solid
exponent of tactical role-playing games, still very harsh for neophytes but able to dispense
to the veterans excellent satisfactions.
Shootmania Storm has convinced us, and we are certain that it will quickly succeed in establishing itself in the area
of competitive play and in E-sport. Once again Nadeo managed to propose a
simple title but at the same time able to satisfy players of all types.
Surely those who have never appreciated an FPS arena will not start doing it now, but who it is
looking for a title that can shine even within a few minutes and guarantee
at the same time a high level of challenge, he will surely be happy to meet Shootmania
Storm.
BattleBlock Theater amazes thanks to a captivating artistic direction, a plot
tantalizing and gameplay enhanced by an always stimulating and purposeful level design.
In its central part the adventure shows the side to some less successful moments,
but these are trifles compared to the value of the global offer. BattleBlock Theater is
an XBLA not to be missed.
Injustice is a popular fighting game, which strives above all to please the great
public and to propose a well-structured experience, rather than to refine and balance the dynamics
of the combat system. Long-lived and certainly rich, Injustice is therefore not only interesting
for fans of the DC world, who will find a varied and original roster, but for everyone
fighting fans at general meetings.
Our Game of the Month comes from the portable world. Guacamelee! enters the restricted right
circle of the most exciting games ever released on PS Vita. The brilliant plot
and successful, which is coupled with a sumptuous artistic direction and a wonderful soundtrack,
will keep you glued to the console screen up to the end credits. The gameplay, deep
and faithful to the canons dictated by the subgenus of Metroidvania, it alternates very platform phases
intriguing to interesting fights. Recommended for anyone with a PS Vita
Guacamelee! in short, our Game of the Month wins.